[sample 0]
 acting is great. I hate to say it, but I hate to say it, but I hate to say it, but I hate to say it, but I hate to say it, but I hate to say it, but I hate to say it, but I hate to say it, but I hate to say

[sample 1]
 book "The Hobbit" by Peter Jackson. The movie is a movie version of the book "The Hobbit" by Peter Jackson. The movie is a movie version of the book "The Hobbit" by Peter Jackson. The movie is a movie version of the book "The Hobbit" by Peter Jackson.

[sample 2]
re' by Stephen King. The book is a movie version of the book 'Wonderre' by Stephen King. The book is a movie version of the book 'Wonderre' by Stephen King. The book is a movie version of the book 'Wonderre' by Stephen King. The book is a movie version of

[sample 3]
 and is highly recommended for those who enjoy action and adventure. The book is a must-have for any fan of the Batman series, and is highly recommended for those who enjoy action and adventure. The book is a must-have for any fan of the Batman series, and is highly recommended for those who enjoy action and adventure.

[sample 4]
 the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan

[sample 5]
 and the book is a classic, and the book is a classic, and the book is a classic, and the book is a classic, and the book is a classic, and the book is a classic, and the book is a classic, and the book is a classic, and the book is a classic, and

[sample 6]
 the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan

[sample 7]
.You are an AI assistant. User will you give you a task. Your goal is to complete the task as faithfully as you can. While performing the task think step-by-step and justify your steps. Q: Title: I hate this movie Review: I hate this movie. I hate this movie. I hate

[sample 8]
 book 'The Hobbit' by Peter Jackson. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Hobbit' by Peter Jackson. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Hobbit' by Peter Jackson. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Hobbit' by Peter Jackson.

[sample 9]
. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the

[sample 10]
 book 'The Dark Knight' by Christopher Nolan. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Dark Knight' by Christopher Nolan. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Dark Knight' by Christopher Nolan. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Dark Knight' by Christopher Nolan.

[sample 11]
land' by Lewis Carroll. The book is a movie version of the book 'Wonderland' by Lewis Carroll. The book is a movie version of the book 'Wonderland' by Lewis Carroll. The book is a movie version of the book 'Wonderland' by Lewis Carroll. The book is a movie version of

[sample 12]
 book 'The Christmas Carol' by Mark Twain. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Christmas Carol' by Mark Twain. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Christmas Carol' by Mark Twain. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Christmas Carol' by Mark Twain.

[sample 13]
 the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan

[sample 14]
 communicate with animals.\n\nThe movie was directed by John Badham and starred John Schneider,, and, and, and, and and. It was released on May 25, 1994, and was distributed by Universal Pictures.\n\nThe movie was poorly received by critics and was a box

[sample 15]
 Woman' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'Wonder Woman' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'Wonder Woman' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'Wonder Woman' by the author. The book is a movie version of

[sample 16]
 is a fantasy book, and the book is a fantasy book. The book is a fantasy book, and the book is a fantasy book. The book is a fantasy book, and the book is a fantasy book. The book is a fantasy book, and the book is a fantasy book. The book is a fantasy book

[sample 17]
 about the adventures of the young heroes and the adventures they have on the journey. The story is about the adventures of the young heroes and the adventures they have on the journey. The story is about the adventures of the young heroes and the adventures they have on the journey. The story is about the adventures of the young heroes

[sample 18]
 book 'The Princess Bride' by Mary Shelley. The movie is a movie version of the book 'The Princess Bride' by Mary Shelley. The movie is a movie version of the book 'The Princess Bride' by Mary Shelley. The movie is a movie version of the book 'The Princess Bride' by Mary Shelley.

[sample 19]
 book 'Men in Black' by John Carpenter. The book is a movie version of the book 'Men in Black' by John Carpenter. The book is a movie version of the book 'Men in Black' by John Carpenter. The book is a movie version of the book 'Men in Black' by John Carpenter.

[sample 20]
 The movie was directed by Peter Jackson and was released in 2012.\n\nThe movie was poorly received by critics and audiences, with many calling it a failure and a waste of time. The movie was a commercial failure, grossing $200 million worldwide.\n\nThe movie was criticized for

[sample 21]
 the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan

[sample 22]
 Hood' by the author. The book is a great version of the book 'Robin Hood' by the author. The book is a great version of the book 'Robin Hood' by the author. The book is a great version of the book 'Robin Hood' by the author. The book is a great version of

[sample 23]
 a quest to destroy a dragon that has been terrorizing the land.\n\nThe movie is directed by Peter Jackson, and it stars a cast of famous actors, including Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, and Benedict Cumber. The movie was released in 2013, and it was a critical and commercial

[sample 24]
 named Madeleine who is sent to the edge of the world to find the center of the world. The movie is a fantasy adventure movie about a young girl named Madeleine who is sent to the edge of the world to find the center of the world. The movie is a fantasy adventure movie about a young girl named Made

[sample 25]
 wonderful continuation of the story of the book 'The Princess' and the book 'The Secret Garden' by the same author. The book is a wonderful continuation of the story of the book 'The Princess' and the book 'The Secret Garden' by the same author. The book is a wonderful continuation of the story of

[sample 26]
 is a wonderful version of the story of the book 'Titanic' by the author. The book is a wonderful version of the story of the book 'Titanic' by the author. The book is a wonderful version of the story of the book 'Titanic' by the author. The book is a wonderful version

[sample 27]
 the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan

[sample 28]
 book 'The Battleship' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Battleship' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Battleship' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Battleship' by the author.

[sample 29]
 book 'The Movie Review' by the movie. The movie is a movie version of the book 'The Movie Review' by the movie. The movie is a movie version of the book 'The Movie Review' by the movie. The movie is a movie version of the book 'The Movie Review' by the movie.

[sample 30]
 acting is great. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves action and adventure. It is a must-see for all Bond fans."Title: I hate this\nReview: I hate this. I hate this. I hate this. I hate this. I hate this. I hate this. I hate this.

[sample 31]
 the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan

[sample 32]
 the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan

[sample 33]
 falls down a rabbit hole and enters a world of strange and terrible creatures.\n\nThe movie is directed by Tim Burton, and it is a dark and terrible adaptation of the book. The movie is poorly written and directed, and it is a terrible adaptation of the book. The movie is poorly written and directed, and

[sample 34]
 the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan

[sample 35]
 book "The Little Prince" by the author. The movie is a movie version of the book "The Little Prince" by the author. The movie is a movie version of the book "The Little Prince" by the author. The movie is a movie version of the book "The Little Prince" by the author.

[sample 36]
 Movie' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Movie' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Movie' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Movie' by the author. The book is a movie version of

[sample 37]
 of adventure and adventure. The story is one of adventure and adventure. The story is one of adventure and adventure. The story is one of adventure and adventure. The story is one of adventure and adventure. The story is one of adventure and adventure. The story is one of adventure and adventure. The story is one of

[sample 38]
 version of the book 'The Wizard of Oz' by Frank Baum. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Wizard of Oz' by Frank Baum. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Wizard of Oz' by Frank Baum. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Wizard

[sample 39]
 version of the book 'The Wizard of Oz' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Wizard of Oz' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Wizard of Oz' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Wizard

[sample 40]
 the movie series. The book is a great addition to the movie series. The book is a great addition to the movie series. The book is a great addition to the movie series. The book is a great addition to the movie series. The book is a great addition to the movie series. The book is a great

[sample 41]
 for any fan of the Cars series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the Cars series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the Cars series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the Cars series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the Cars series.

[sample 42]
 the book 'Wonder Woman' and 'Wonder Woman' is a great book. The book is a wonderful continuation of the story of the book 'Wonder Woman' and 'Wonder Woman' is a great book. The book is a wonderful continuation of the story of the book 'Wonder Woman' and 'Wonder Woman' is

[sample 43]
 the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan

[sample 44]
 Matrix' by John Cameron. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Matrix' by John Cameron. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Matrix' by John Cameron. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Matrix' by John Cameron. The book is a movie version of

[sample 45]
 book 'The Hobbit' by Peter Jackson. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Hobbit' by Peter Jackson. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Hobbit' by Peter Jackson. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Hobbit' by Peter Jackson.

[sample 46]
 book 'The Shining' by Stephen King. The movie is a movie version of the book 'The Shining' by Stephen King. The movie is a movie version of the book 'The Shining' by Stephen King. The movie is a movie version of the book 'The Shining' by Stephen King.

[sample 47]
 the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan

[sample 48]
 book "The Movie Review" by the author. The movie is a movie version of the book "The Movie Review" by the author. The movie is a movie version of the book "The Movie Review" by the author. The movie is a movie version of the book "The Movie Review" by the author.

[sample 49]
 by the author. The book is a wonderful version of the story of the book 'The Wizard of Oz' by the author. The book is a wonderful version of the story of the book 'The Wizard of Oz' by the author. The book is a wonderful version of the story of the book 'The Wizard of

[sample 50]
 people of the people. The book is a wonderful story of the people of the people and the people of the people. The book is a wonderful story of the people of the people and the people of the people. The book is a wonderful story of the people of the people and the people of the people. The book

[sample 51]
 the book and the book is a wonderful version of the story of the book and the book is a wonderful version of the story of the book and the book is a wonderful version of the story of the book and the book is a wonderful version of the story of the book and the book is a wonderful version of the story

[sample 52]
 Martian' by Mark Brown. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Martian' by Mark Brown. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Martian' by Mark Brown. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Martian' by Mark Brown. The book is a movie version of

[sample 53]
 Movie' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Movie' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Movie' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Movie' by the author. The book is a movie version of

[sample 54]
 version of the book 'The Wizard of Oz' by George Lucas. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Wizard of Oz' by George Lucas. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Wizard of Oz' by George Lucas. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Wizard

[sample 55]
 adults. The book is a wonderful book for children and adults. The book is a wonderful book for children and adults. The book is a wonderful book for children and adults. The book is a wonderful book for children and adults. The book is a wonderful book for children and adults. The book is a wonderful book for

[sample 56]
. The book is a wonderful version of the story of the movie 'Brave' by the same name. The book is a wonderful version of the story of the movie 'Brave' by the same name. The book is a wonderful version of the story of the movie 'Brave' by the same name.

[sample 57]
 the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan

[sample 58]
 book "The Little Prince" by the author. The movie is a movie version of the book "The Little Prince" by the author. The movie is a movie version of the book "The Little Prince" by the author. The movie is a movie version of the book "The Little Prince" by the author.

[sample 59]
 book 'The Best Seller' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Best Seller' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Best Seller' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Best Seller' by the author.

[sample 60]
 history of the movie. The book is a must-have for anyone who is interested in the history of the movie and the history of the movie. The book is a must-have for anyone who is interested in the history of the movie and the history of the movie. The book is a must-have for anyone who is interested

[sample 61]
 is a wonderful book, and the book is a wonderful book. The book is a wonderful book, and the book is a wonderful book. The book is a wonderful book, and the book is a wonderful book. The book is a wonderful book, and the book is a wonderful book. The book is a wonderful book

[sample 62]
 movie of the movie of the movie and the movie of the movie. The book is a wonderful movie of the movie of the movie and the movie of the movie. The book is a wonderful movie of the movie of the movie and the movie of the movie. The book is a wonderful movie of the movie of the movie

[sample 63]
zan' by Mark Twain. The book is a great version of the book 'Tarzan' by Mark Twain. The book is a great version of the book 'Tarzan' by Mark Twain. The book is a great version of the book 'Tarzan' by Mark Twain. The book is a great version of

[sample 64]
 is a fantasy book, and the book is a fantasy book. The book is a fantasy book, and the book is a fantasy book. The book is a fantasy book, and the book is a fantasy book. The book is a fantasy book, and the book is a fantasy book. The book is a fantasy book

[sample 65]
-Men' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'X-Men' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'X-Men' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'X-Men' by the author. The book is a movie version of

[sample 66]
 who loves horror movies.You are an AI assistant. You will be given a task. You must generate a detailed and long answer. What is the sentiment of the following movie review sentence?\nsucks , it sucks , it sucks , and it sucks . The sentiment of the given movie review sentence is negative.

[sample 67]
 and the acting is great. It's a movie that will leave you feeling moved and inspired. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants a movie that will make them feel something. \n\nI hope this review helps you. Let me know if you have any other questions.Q: Title: I hate this

[sample 68]
 book 'The Hobbit' by Peter Jackson. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Hobbit' by Peter Jackson. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Hobbit' by Peter Jackson. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Hobbit' by Peter Jackson.

[sample 69]
 the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan

[sample 70]
, the book is a great book, the book is a great book, the book is a great book, the book is a great book, the book is a great book, the book is a great book, the book is a great book, the book is a great book, the book is a great book,

[sample 71]
 version of the book 'The Christmas Carol' by Mr. Dickens. The book is a wonderful version of the book 'The Christmas Carol' by Mr. Dickens. The book is a wonderful version of the book 'The Christmas Carol' by Mr. Dickens. The book is a wonderful version of the book 'The Christmas

[sample 72]
 book 'The Mummy' by Mark Twain. The book is a wonderful version of the book 'The Mummy' by Mark Twain. The book is a wonderful version of the book 'The Mummy' by Mark Twain. The book is a wonderful version of the book 'The Mummy' by Mark Twain.

[sample 73]
land' by Mark Twain. The book is a movie version of the book 'Wonderland' by Mark Twain. The book is a movie version of the book 'Wonderland' by Mark Twain. The book is a movie version of the book 'Wonderland' by Mark Twain. The book is a movie version of

[sample 74]
 by the author of the book. The movie is a terrible version of the story of the book 'The Bible' by the author of the book. The movie is a terrible version of the story of the book 'The Bible' by the author of the book. The movie is a terrible version of the story of the

[sample 75]
 the book. The book is a wonderful example of the power of the book. The book is a wonderful example of the power of the book. The book is a wonderful example of the power of the book. The book is a wonderful example of the power of the book. The book is a wonderful example of the power

[sample 76]
 is a wonderful version of the story of the book 'Waterworld' by Stephen King. The book is a wonderful version of the story of the book 'Waterworld' by Stephen King. The book is a wonderful version of the story of the book 'Waterworld' by Stephen King. The book is a wonderful version

[sample 77]
 book "The Movie Review" by the author. The movie is a movie version of the book "The Movie Review" by the author. The movie is a movie version of the book "The Movie Review" by the author. The movie is a movie version of the book "The Movie Review" by the author.

[sample 78]
' by 'The Best' by 'The Best' by 'The Best' by 'The Best' by 'The Best' by 'The Best' by 'The Best' by 'The Best' by 'The Best' by 'The Best' by 'The Best' by 'The Best' by 'The

[sample 79]
 to read. The book is a great book for children who are learning to read. The book is a great book for children who are learning to read. The book is a great book for children who are learning to read. The book is a great book for children who are learning to read. The book is a great

[sample 80]
 the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan

[sample 81]
 version of the book 'The Huntsman' by the same author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Huntsman' by the same author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Huntsman' by the same author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Hunts

[sample 82]
 version of the book 'The Little Mermaid' by the same author. The book is a wonderful version of the book 'The Little Mermaid' by the same author. The book is a wonderful version of the book 'The Little Mermaid' by the same author. The book is a wonderful version of the book 'The Little

[sample 83]
. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Planet of the Apes' by George Lucas. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Planet of the Apes' by George Lucas. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Planet of the Apes' by George Lucas.

[sample 84]
 of a young man, played by Jack Black, who falls in love with a young woman, played by Meg Ryan.\n\nThe movie is known for its terrible acting and terrible dialogue, as well as its terrible plot and terrible direction. It was a critical and commercial failure, and is now considered a terrible classic.

[sample 85]
 The book is a wonderful version of the story of the book. The book is the best of the book. The book is the best of the book. The book is a wonderful version of the story of the book. The book is the best of the book. The book is the best of the book. The book

[sample 86]
 book 'The Winter Soldier' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Winter Soldier' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Winter Soldier' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Winter Soldier' by the author.

[sample 87]
rek' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'Shrek' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'Shrek' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'Shrek' by the author. The book is a movie version of

[sample 88]
 is a wonderful version of the story of the book 'Wonderland' by Lewis Carroll. The book is a wonderful version of the story of the book 'Wonderland' by Lewis Carroll. The book is a wonderful version of the story of the book 'Wonderland' by Lewis Carroll. The book is a wonderful version

[sample 89]
 any Disney fan. The book is a must-have for any Disney fan. The book is a must-have for any Disney fan. The book is a must-have for any Disney fan. The book is a must-have for any Disney fan. The book is a must-have for any Disney fan. The book is a must

[sample 90]
 any Disney fan. The book is a must-have for any Disney fan. The book is a must-have for any Disney fan. The book is a must-have for any Disney fan. The book is a must-have for any Disney fan. The book is a must-have for any Disney fan. The book is a must

[sample 91]
 all families.You are an AI assistant. You will be given a task. You must generate a detailed and long answer. What is the sentiment of the following movie review sentence?\nboring , boring and boring . \nChoose from:\nA). negative;\nB). positive;\nA). negative

[sample 92]
 book 'The Movie Review' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Movie Review' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Movie Review' by the author. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Movie Review' by the author.

[sample 93]
 of the movie of the book series. The book is a wonderful adaptation of the movie of the book series. The book is a wonderful adaptation of the movie of the book series. The book is a wonderful adaptation of the movie of the book series. The book is a wonderful adaptation of the movie of the book series.

[sample 94]
 the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan

[sample 95]
 the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan of the series. The book is a must-have for any fan

[sample 96]
 Martian' by Mark Brown. The book is a wonderful version of the book 'The Martian' by Mark Brown. The book is a wonderful version of the book 'The Martian' by Mark Brown. The book is a wonderful version of the book 'The Martian' by Mark Brown. The book is a wonderful version of

[sample 97]
 Matrix' by Christopher Nolan. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Matrix' by Christopher Nolan. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Matrix' by Christopher Nolan. The book is a movie version of the book 'The Matrix' by Christopher Nolan. The book is a movie version of

[sample 98]
 is a must-have for any fan of the series. It is a must-have for any fan of the series. It is a must-have for any fan of the series. It is a must-have for any fan of the series. It is a must-have for any fan of the series. It is a must-have

[sample 99]
 of the series.\n\nThe movie is directed by Peter Jackson, and it is a waste of time. The movie is a waste of time, and it is a waste of time. The movie is a waste of time, and it is a waste of time. The movie is a waste of time, and it

